Help guys in this video we'll create our first custom middleware that will check whether the GMAT token
is valid or not.
And the token is of course from Jason Webb talking.
So let's go and do that.
So it was go to server and you want to right click here anyone want to create a new folder and you want
to give it a name.
Me too.
Where is Swango.
Under middle worse you want to create a new file and you want to give it a name check G G.
G.
Yes.
So now you want to import all the important dependencies so Condes GW
and cons choir
and you want to explore the entire world which will be worse.
And next
to check that to get into dead.
All right.
So you check
it
out.
Whoops.
There are
just push
some
else.
Did but it didn't make it right.
It
what we are doing is we export the entire function so that we can use it in another file.
The first line is simply we are requesting the headers of the GTP we want to check whether the header
contains any tokens or not.
If it does then we want to verify the token by checking the expiry date in the token.
If there's an error response feel to it it's get tokin else we want to set the decoded value to request
not decode it.
So what is required Decoded.
So later on if you want to access the user id do for example start Khoder dot dot on this or id or.
Or because it's already encrypted in the token right.
This will actually decrypt the token and then we can access the user's object.
So finally we want to run a callback to proceed to the next task.
So let's see if token does not exist.
Then we want response with a message no token provided Let's see in the headers.
There's a token then we want to respond with No 2 can provide it in this video.
We learn how to create a custom function that will check whether the token does exist or not on the
Atari or try zation header in the next video.
We will create a profile API and we will use our custom middleware which is this middleware on our profile
API.
I'll see you in the next video.